feat(generics): allow upload of build assets as generic packages #174 (#343)
semantic-release/gitlab: README.md

| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `path`   | **Required.** A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) to identify the files to upload.    | -                                    |
| `label`  | Short description of the file displayed on the GitLab release. Ignored if `path` matches more than one file.| File name extracted from the `path`. |

> | `type` | Asset type displayed on the GitLab release. Can be `runbook`, `package`, `image` and `other` (see official documents on [release assets](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#release-assets)). If this is set to `generic_package` it will upload the `glob` as a [generic package](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/generic_packages/). | `other` |

Reviewer: I like the simplicity of reusing the existing option! I don't like overloading the semantics of this option. I think I'd prefer a separate option (maybe `storage` with possible values `project_upload` and `generic_package`). What's your opinion @JonasSchubert?

Author: Adding a new option would keep things in a clean way, indeed.
`type` values would only contain the documented [link types](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#link-types).

Author: Instead of `storage` maybe `target`. Also considering the URL feature?

Reviewer: @JonasSchubert Yes, I like `target`!

| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------ |
| `path`   | **Required.** A [glob](https://github.com/isaacs/node-glob#glob-primer) to identify the files to upload.    | -                                    |
| `label`  | Short description of the file displayed on the GitLab release. Ignored if `path` matches more than one file.| File name extracted from the `path`. |

> | `type` | Asset type displayed on the GitLab release. Can be `runbook`, `package`, `image` and `other` (see official documents on [release assets](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#release-assets)).  | `other` |
> | `filepath` | A filepath for creating a permalink pointing to the asset (requires GitLab 12.9+, see official documents on [permanent links](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#permanent-links-to-release-assets)). Ignored if `path` matches more than one file. | - |
> | `target` | If this is set to `project_upload` it will uppload the `glob` to the release. But if set to `generic_package` it will upload the `glob` as a [generic package](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/generic_packages/). Can be `project_upload` or `generic_package`. | `project_upload` |
> | `status` | This is only applied, if `type` is set to `generic_package`. The generic package status. Can be `default` and `hidden` (see official documents on [generic packages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/generic_packages/)). | `default` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type` | Asset type displayed on the GitLab release. Can be `runbook`, `package`, `image` and `other` (see official documents on [release assets](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#release-assets)).  | `other` |
| `filepath` | A filepath for creating a permalink pointing to the asset (requires GitLab 12.9+, see official documents on [permanent links](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/releases/#permanent-links-to-release-assets)). Ignored if `path` matches more than one file. | - |
| `target` | Controls where the file is uploaded to. Can be set to `project_upload` for storing the file as [project upload](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/projects.html#upload-a-file) or `generic_package` for storing the file as [generic package](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/generic_packages/). | `project_upload` |
| `status` | This is only applied, if `target` is set to `generic_package`. The generic package status. Can be `default` and `hidden` (see official documents on [generic packages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/packages/generic_packages/)). | `default` |
```

`css` files in the `dist` directory and its sub-directories excluding the minified version, plus the
`build/MyLibrary.zip` file and label it `MyLibrary` in the GitLab release.

> #### generics

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether it might be simpler for users if we would add this functionality to `assets` instead?

```json
assets: [
   { path: 'foo.txt', label: 'Foo', type: 'generic_package' },
   { path: 'bar.txt', label: 'Bar', type: 'project_upload' }
]
```

Author: Sounds like a better solution.
Should we define the default value for `type` to `project_upload` to avoid breaking changes or should this be implemented as a breaking change.
Here I would vote against breaking changes here. 😄

Reviewer: Yes, I agree that we should not make this a breaking change, thanks for taking care!
